We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.																									
A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human.																									
The idea behind digital computers may be explained by saying that these machines are intended to carry out any operations which could be done by a human computer.																									
Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition.																									
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.																									
Mathematical reasoning may be regarded rather schematically as the exercise of a combination of intuition and ingenuity.																									
The original question, 'Can machines think?' I believe to be too meaningless to deserve discussion.																									
A man provided with only paper, pencil, and rubber, and subject to strict discipline, is in effect a universal machine.																									
Instead of trying to produce a programme to simulate the adult mind, why not rather try to produce one which simulates the child's?																									
No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain. All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the President of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company.																									
We are not interested in the fact that the brain has the consistency of cold porridge.																									
The works and customs of mankind do not seem to be very suitable material to which to apply scientific induction.																									
I believe that at the end of the century the use of words and general educated opinion will have altered so much that one will be able to speak of machines thinking without expecting to be contradicted.																									
Programming is a skill best acquired by practice and example rather than books.																									
A machine can be made to do the work of any number of mathematicians.																									
The machine should be so constructed that as soon as it is switched on it does the job it is designed to do.																									
One day ladies will take their computers for walks in the park and tell each other, 'My little computer said such a funny thing this morning!'																									
The whole thinking process is still rather mysterious to us, but I believe that the attempt to make a thinking machine will help us greatly in finding out how we think ourselves.																									
There is no reason why a digital computer should not one day be able to play chess, or solve any mathematical problem.																									
I am not very impressed with theological arguments whatever they may be used to prove.																									
The isolated man does not develop any intellectual power.																									
A computer is like a piano: it can be used to produce good or bad music.																									
We do not wish to penalise the machine for its inability to shine in beauty competitions.																									
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.																									
To attempt to explain the operation of a computer in terms of human thought is like explaining the operation of a car in terms of horses.																									
The machine is only a tool after all, which can be used in many ways.																									
It is possible to invent a single machine which can be used to compute any computable sequence.																									
The notion of a machine being intelligent is not so much a question of fact as a question of definition.																									
The consequences of machines thinking would be too dreadful to contemplate.																									
I want to build a machine that can learn from experience.																									
